Welcome to JW Broadcasting!
Here is what we can look forward to
on the program this month.
Why do we need to be quick
to address problems when they arise?
We will highlight the benefits.
And our music video will encourage us
to reach out to expand our ministry.
We will also find out how our brothers
and sisters reached out to the visitors
that came to the Olympic Games
in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, last year.
This is the September program
of JW Broadcasting!
The theme selected
for my comments this month
is “Punctuality—A Godly Quality.”
You might remember the opening paragraph
in a 1990 Watchtower article
on the subject of punctuality.
It said that an elder’s closest friends
jokingly called him Armageddon.
Why?
They replied: “We know he’s coming,
but only God knows when!”
The elder had a problem with punctuality.
Punctuality has nothing
in common with procrastination.
To procrastinate means
“to intentionally put off
the doing of something
that should be done.”
The saying,
“Tomorrow is the busiest day of the year”
reflects the human tendency
to procrastinate.
How appropriate then
is the inspired encouragement
concerning the present
—today.
Galatians 6:10 says:
“As long as we have the opportunity,
let us work what is good toward all.”
“As long as we have the opportunity”
does not sound like procrastination to me.
No, the Bible encourages just the opposite
—punctuality.
Punctuality refers to the characteristic
of being prompt in keeping appointments.
Punctuality is a godly quality.
In fact, Matthew 6:33
prioritizes our pursuit of Kingdom interests.
It says:
“Keep on, then, seeking first
the Kingdom and his righteousness,
and all these other things
will be added to you.”
It said to ‘seek the Kingdom first,’
not second, not third or fourth
—first.
When we put the Kingdom first in our life,
we do not put it off
in favor of some trivial pursuit.
If it is time for a Christian meeting,
we are there well before it starts.
Perhaps you have heard some say:
“At least I made it to the meeting.
Better late than never!”
But the godly way is:
“Better never late!”
Jehovah is a punctual God.
He sets the example for us.
When Jehovah decided to destroy
the ungodly world in a deluge,
he said to Noah at Genesis 6:14:
“Make for yourself an ark.”
Then, at Genesis 7:4,
Jehovah told Noah
to enter into the ark and informed him:
“For in just seven days,
I will make it rain on the earth
for 40 days and 40 nights.”
What happened?
A “better late than never” attitude?
No, that is not acceptable to Jehovah.
Instead, Genesis 7:10 says:
“And seven days later
the floodwaters came upon the earth.”
Right on time.
Punctuality is a godly quality.
By means of a prophecy in Daniel chapter 9,
Jehovah indicated
hundreds of years in advance
when Jesus would fulfill
his role as Messiah and Savior.
When did Jesus present
himself for that role?
“Better late than never?”
No, precisely on time in 29 C.E.,
Jesus was anointed as Christ.
In fact, Romans 5:6 says:
“Christ died for ungodly men
at the appointed time.”
Jehovah is punctual.
What about in our time?
The Bible tells us to keep in expectation
of Jehovah’s future day of judgment.
When will it happen?
Well, to us it may seem that it has delayed.
But what do we know about Jehovah?
He is punctual.
And so it is that Habakkuk 2:3 tells us:
“For the vision
is yet for its appointed time,
“and it is rushing toward its end,
“and it will not lie.
“Even if it should delay,
keep in expectation of it!
“For it will without fail come true.
It will not be late!”
Punctuality is Jehovah’s way.
Unlike the elder cited earlier,
this Armageddon will be on time.
The apostle Paul in 1 Corinthians chapter 14
was specifically discussing what happens
at Christian gatherings.
In verse 26, he said:
“When you come together, . . .
Let all things take place for building up.”
Then, at 1 Corinthians 14:40,
he concludes by saying:
“But let all things take place decently
and by arrangement.”
Look at the words again.
When speaking about Christian meetings,
he said:
‘Let things take place decently.’
In Greek,
it literally means “well-behavedly.”
Paul also used a Greek word
translated here “by arrangement.”
The literal meaning of the Greek word
is “according to order.”
If we are to be well-behaved,
according to order at our meetings,
what would be one aspect of that?
Being punctual
—on time—
for the start of the meeting.
While the lack of punctuality
affects all cultures
to one degree or another,
it is true that some cultures
are more punctual
than others as a whole.
A missionary reported
that in one town where he served,
his wife would be
the only person in the audience
when he announced the opening song
at the beginning of the meeting.
But when he announced the closing song,
70 people would be there.
On the other hand,
in a Western European country,
about a thousand people were asked:
“If you were invited
to dinner at 7:00 p.m.,
“should you arrive
five or ten minutes early,
or five or ten minutes late,
or exactly on time?”
The majority responded
that “courtesy requires
scrupulous respect for the host
and arriving at the exact minute.”
Each culture would likely think
that the other is extreme.
However, being punctual is more
than a matter of regional preference.
It is a godly quality
that true Christians of every culture
want to cultivate.
Punctuality must become a habit
—a way of life.
It is similar to some countries
that do not have
a habit of good hygiene, or cleanliness.
That may be true,
but it is expected that Jehovah’s people
in those lands will excel
in good hygiene and clean habits.
In the same way,
no matter what our background,
culture, or upbringing,
it is expected
that we as imitators of our God
will develop
the godly habit of being punctual.
What helps us to be punctual?
The Bible encourages advance planning.
Proverbs 21:5 says:
“The plans of the diligent
surely lead to success,
but all who are hasty
surely head for poverty.”
So being punctual is not just a matter
of hastily fulfilling
an obligation or an appointment.
It involves thinking in advance
about our responsibilities.
Yes, planning to be prepared for them
and to be prompt in carrying them out.
Well, what are some activities
that we would want
to be punctual in fulfilling?
It can be the everyday things in life,
such as arriving at work
or at school on time;
being punctual for appointments,
such as a visit to the doctor or dentist;
arriving at the designated time
when invited to another’s home for a meal.
What is our habit like
when it comes to these areas of life?
Even more important is punctuality
when attending
our Christian meetings and assemblies.
This means being present
before the opening song and prayer.
The apostle Paul quoted from Psalm 22
when he wrote Hebrews 2:12.
Of Jesus he said:
“I will declare your name to my brothers;
in the midst of the congregation
I will praise you with song.”
If that was true of Jesus,
it is a great incentive
for us to participate
in singing the first song
with our congregation.
And the opening prayer
is important for us.
In ancient times,
Jehovah called the temple
his “house of prayer.”
It’s true that the opening prayer
requests Jehovah’s guidance
and holy spirit on the program,
however, it also prepares
our minds and hearts
to receive the information to be considered.
Of course, there may be times when one
is unavoidably late in arriving at a meeting.
Public transportation may be delayed
or our car may break down.
That’s understandable on occasion.
But what is our habit?
In the past,
it was suggested that we consider
arriving 15 or 20 minutes
before a meeting started.
One brother with six siblings
said his father made a goal
of being at the Kingdom Hall
20 minutes before the program began.
That certainly took advance planning.
His father’s byline
for meeting attendance was:
“If you’re 5 minutes early,
then your 15 minutes late.”
In most cases, the whole family arrived
20 minutes before the meeting
for wholesome association.
Another opportunity for punctuality
is arriving on time
for a meeting for service.
This is challenging for some.
However, with a little advanced planning,
we can be successful.
Punctuality is particularly important
since the actual meeting
is only about ten minutes long.
If we’re late,
not only is it disruptive
but it could force
the one taking the lead
to redo the arrangements
made for the group.
And speaking of our ministry,
what is an opportunity
to be punctual every month?
Yes, you guessed it,
turning in our field service report
at the end of the month.
Do you have a way
of reminding yourself of this?
In some lands,
it is almost as if it is a custom
for the start
of a wedding talk to be delayed.
Often this is because
of mistakenly gauging how much time
the bride needs
to get dressed and made up
for her grand appearance.
However,
being considerate of those invited
should move those involved
to allow extra time
to complete the task of preparation.
A 1990 Watchtower
commented on being punctual
in starting a wedding.
The very next sentence stated:
“You may like to have your egg boiled
for just so many minutes.”
I am not sure exactly how
that applies to a wedding,
but I think we get the point,
don’t we?
We should have calculated
the timing in advance
so that the ceremony begins on time.
Do we have yet another example
of being punctual,
not procrastinating?
How about when there is a difference
between you and a fellow believer
or a family member?
Of course, if it is simply a minor issue
because of imperfection,
often the best thing to do
is forgive and forget.
But if it was more serious
or we cannot simply let it go,
what should we do?
We need to settle the matter
and restore the peace.
When should we take this step?
Do not procrastinate.
If we do,
the problem may fester and get worse.
What kind of a priority
did Jesus establish
for restoring peace
between fellow believers?
At Matthew 5:23, 24,
note his clear indication of punctuality:
“If, then, you are bringing
your gift to the altar
“and there you remember
that your brother has something against you,
“leave your gift there in front
of the altar, and go away.
“First make your peace with your brother,
and then come back and offer your gift.”
Did you pick up on the timing
that Jesus recommended for reconciliation?
He said:
“[First] First make your peace
with your brother.”
It is a high priority
and should be treated as such.
But remember
the scripture we shared earlier,
Proverbs 21:5?
This principle should be implemented.
The last part of the verse
warns us not to be “hasty.”
Hasty is not synonymous with punctuality.
Instead,
the first part of the verse indicates
we should prepare or plan the visit first.
Then follow through without procrastinating.
It said this approach will “lead to success.”
What is the success we are seeking?
Jesus did not say to justify our position
or to point out the flaw
in the other person’s words or actions.
No, he said you would be successful
if you
“make your peace with your brother.”
Punctuality is a godly quality
that we should strive to cultivate.
Another aspect of punctuality
is ending an assignment on time.
In the interest of punctuality,
let’s move on
to the next segment of our program.
Thank you, Brother Herd.
You are teaching by example
—we appreciate that!
And—
On the subject of punctuality,
we wanted to share an example
of how ingrained a problem can become
if we let it fester.
Meet Brother Peter Zak.
As he relates his story,
look for ways punctuality,
or promptly addressing matters,
could have helped him to minimize
the effects of the problem.
I was born in Poland,
and when I was about five years old,
my family immigrated to Canada.
I feel that from a young age
I really loved Jehovah.
I had a good relationship with him.
I enjoyed going in field service;
I enjoyed the congregation.
But like all youths,
I had my distractions, you could say.
And for me, in particular,
it was video games.
I remember in the beginning
even my parents would set some rules.
But as I kept progressing
in that game
and I started participating
in tournaments,
I started getting recognized
and admired.
It started becoming a temptation.
People would go to download
my previously played games
to study my techniques
and my strategies.
I was interviewed by different websites.
People wanted to be on my team.
I could see that this world
was slowly dragging me in.
For example, there was
a huge tournament that I participated in.
I finished very well
—received many prizes.
And then after that tournament,
there was another tournament,
even bigger, with huge prizes
—cash prizes—
a competition for all the best players
in the world.
At this time, also,
the website was growing.
We were just sponsored to produce
our own tournament
with cash prizes for the players.
So I really thought that this would be
an opportunity for me
to maybe have a career
and maybe to support myself
in the future
if I wanted to pioneer.
And I thought
that this was a realistic goal.
But as the website also kept progressing
and as I got more involved with it,
I realized that what I was exposed to
was very, very, dangerous
—very harmful.
They were immoral,
wicked, improper things.
I was going to the meetings,
and I was going in service;
but at the same time, all my other time
was spent on this video game.
But it was only slowly,
over time, I started realizing
that it was having
a very negative effect on my spirituality.
I noticed that when I was in service,
I would think only about the video game.
When the service was over,
I would rush home to play the video game.
Even at meetings—
I would attend all my meetings,
but I would sit there
and nothing was coming in.
I went there in person,
but my mind wasn’t there.
So that also started bothering me.
And at this time,
my older brothers
—who were always
a good example to me—
they quit playing games.
They were making improvement
in the congregation;
they were having privileges,
working hard for the brothers
and sisters in our congregation.
I could see they were so happy.
They had the real joy
and satisfaction.
But for me, I didn’t;
I was always feeling empty inside.
I needed to change.
And I remember, in particular,
one day at the back of the Kingdom Hall,
the brother—an elder—who studied
with me and my two brothers
approached me;
and he very reasonably talked to me
about my future.
He also helped me see
my brothers
and how they stopped,
and they were so happy.
And I could see the difference.
I was serving
two masters at the same time,
but I was really losing out
with Jehovah.
So I knew I had
to make drastic changes in my life.
Up until then, I did try a few times
to stop playing video games.
And it worked for a couple of days,
but I got right back into it.
I lacked self-control.
So I realized that for me—
If I wanted to stop this,
I needed to make
a complete stop of everything.
So I prayed about it.
I asked Jehovah
for help and for strength
to give me the courage
to take this action.
We took down the website,
deleted the games,
stopped playing the games,
and just made
a clean sweep—clean stop.
And I knew I needed that.
Right after,
I felt like a load was lifted.
I had all this time
now I could spend,
and I was spending it
more in the ministry
and in the congregation.
So, soon after,
I started auxiliary pioneering
and then regular pioneering.
I started doing a lot more
in the congregation.
I could see how happy I was.
It was bringing me real joy
—satisfaction.
So I remember
after pioneering for a few years,
I started learning a foreign language.
It was challenging,
but it was exciting.
I moved to another city
to expand my ministry;
then I moved to another country.
And I remember just studying
with people
as a need-greater
and just seeing them
progress and seeing how they
made changes in their lives
and how they started
having a relationship with Jehovah.
And that I was being used
to help them to get to that point
was such an amazing feeling.
Now I have the privilege
of serving at Bethel.
And I can see
Jehovah’s hand in my life,
and also I’m able
to give every day to him.
This is the joy that I was looking for.
So I would definitely
encourage all young ones
to really test out Jehovah.
It’s like Ecclesiastes 12:1,
my favorite scripture growing up.
Just give to Jehovah;
test him out; give him your everything.
And you will see
that you’ll have no regrets.
You’ll have true satisfaction
from serving him.
When should Peter
have considered limiting
his preoccupation
with video games?
Video and computer games
in themselves are not wrong
unless they are
about things Jehovah hates.
But did you notice that Peter
explained that there was a point
when the games
became a temptation?
That is, the games were no longer
merely occasional entertainment
but started to become
the center of his life.
That was the warning
for him to sit down
and review how much time and effort
he should be spending on video games.
But he didn’t.
He did not address the matter promptly.
As a result,
he later had to admit that all he thought of,
even at the meetings or in the ministry,
was video games.
Despite the mistake,
Peter wisely applied
the words of Matthew 5:30:
“Also, if your right hand
is making you stumble,
cut it off
and throw it away from you.”
While he did not need to literally cut off
his mouse-clicking right hand,
he got rid of anything that caused
the temptation in the first place.
If you are a parent,
you have a responsibility
to help your children
address any concerns that may arise.
You need to know
what they are doing,
and then lovingly guide them
based on Biblical principles.
Acting promptly when you
sense a problem is building up
is equally important
in other aspects of life.
This dramatization highlights
how we can do so when married.
We do have good friends
in our congregation,
but there is so much work!
Why is Jessica so upset?
OK, maybe I should’ve asked
before turning down that dinner invite,
but she knows how busy I am.
I’ve got elder’s meetings, work,
pioneering.
But she just says
we never do anything fun anymore.
Maybe she’s right.
Sometimes even when we’re together,
we’re not really together.
Our lives are filled
with spiritual activities
but our family worship
hasn’t exactly been regular.
Maybe I fooled myself
into thinking
that because we’re busy
doing things for Jehovah,
it’s OK to skip it sometimes.
We argued again tonight
and then went to bed angry
—something we said we’d never do.
The next morning
I told Jessica how sorry I was,
and she admitted
that she felt bad too.
We decided to research
Ephesians chapter 4
that night for family worship.
One article mentioned:
“How sad it would be
if marriage mates spoke to each other
with less respect than . . .
total strangers!”
That really struck us.
Then we read
Ephesians 4:31, 32:
“Put away from yourselves
every kind of malicious bitterness,
“anger, wrath, screaming,
and abusive speech,
“as well as everything injurious.
“But become kind to one another,
“tenderly compassionate,
freely forgiving one another
just as God also by Christ
freely forgave you.”
We both promised to work
on making our words and tone
more loving and kind.
We also studied the Bible accounts
of Aquila and Priscilla,
who were a beautiful example
of what it means
for a married couple
to be “one flesh.”
They were together at home,
at work,
and in the ministry.
That’s when we realized
we needed to draw closer as a couple.
Since then,
we do as much as we can together.
We’re still busy
in spiritual activities,
but they’re never an excuse
to neglect our relationship.
And now we aren’t just marriage mates;
we’re once again best friends.
As this dramatization
and the example of Peter Zak showed,
whenever you sense a problem,
address it!
Do not procrastinate.
Be punctual.
At times,
world events may highlight
the importance of being punctual.
In May of last year,
a wildfire overtook
the Canadian city of Fort McMurray,
in the province of Alberta.
The brothers and sisters
there benefited from promptly
following the direction
they had received
from their local congregations.
There was a local needs part,
and we try to do it every year,
and this year
it was at the perfect time
because the next week
we had the fire.
And when the brother
was reviewing,
he was saying it was
a high fire-hazard year,
so be prepared.
And it was nice
that the brothers were so obedient
and took that to heart and were ready.
It happened so quickly,
from being fine and safe
to ‘We got to get out of here.’
We started to hear
the municipality saying
there are mandatory evacuations
for different neighborhoods.
So within noon, two o’clock, four o’clock,
90,000 people are in motion.
When you were standing outside,
you could hear the helicopters going,
the sirens going.
The smoke was so thick and intense.
Both the left and the right
were all in flames;
it was totally in flames.
Ugh, it was chaotic.
People running to their cars,
seeing and looking
at the big cloud of smoke
approaching them
and just the fright in their eyes.
It just came to mind:
During the local needs,
the brothers said,
“If in case of an emergency,
you have to follow directions.
“Listen to the local authorities
and listen to your local elders.”
Each elder
for the field service groups
had to care
for a small amount of people.
I was calling
all the brothers and sisters
that I could to find out
where they were and if they were safe.
Every group overseer knew exactly
where everybody in his group
was at all times.
One brother came
to help my wife and the kids
to evacuate while I was at work.
So I felt very indebted
to this brother
—that he acted in my behalf
to get my family to a safe place.
To see the brothers OK and calm,
it makes me calm.
It’s all gone,
and it went away overnight.
If we are to put
our trust in such things—
Where are they now?
Although we’ve lost all this,
our relationship with Jehovah
—we haven’t lost that.
We can’t salvage nothing .
Yeah.
Everything is gone.
Gone—everything is gone.
Yeah, this is our basement.
People are always asking us, like,
“Did you lose your home?”
And we’re like, “Yeah, we did.”
Seeing how quickly things can go,
how things can disappear,
it helps you appreciate the things
that are most important.
And not only
do we have our own lives
but we still have
our brothers and sisters
there with us.
When we escaped
and moved to Edmonton,
which is about
a four-and-a-half-hour drive from here,
the friends opened their homes to us
in the middle of the night
—2:30 a.m.—
and welcomed us.
They gave us food;
they gave us clothing;
they gave us a place to stay.
That kind of hospitality
really touched our heart.
We realized that we
hadn’t missed anything.
Some of the friends,
we haven’t seen them
since the disaster occurred
and to meet the friends again
—you know, about a month
and a half after the disaster—
at the convention
was really, really encouraging.
We see brothers that are working
with different departments
here at the convention
and also with the disaster relief committee
who have no home to go back to.
Yet, they’re so concerned
about someone else
that they don’t even think about
what they’ve really lost.
Although we’ve lost
everything materially,
we have everything spiritually.
What is gone is gone.
What is important is our lives
and our relationship with Jehovah.
The local needs part
proved very helpful
for our brothers and sisters
in Fort McMurray.
The part included direction
about having a “go bag”
and keeping the gas tanks
of their vehicles full.
Because of the distance
to the nearest town
and the heavy traffic
during the evacuation,
having a full tank of gas
proved to be very timely advice.
Instead of procrastinating,
our brothers and sisters
in Alberta followed the direction,
to their benefit.
Although our circumstances
may not be as extreme,
we all experience
challenging situations every now and then.
The need to be punctual always applies.
For example,
there is no need to wait
for perfect circumstances
before expanding our ministry.
For some,
expanding our ministry
could mean taking the leap
into full-time service.
Two families did just that
in this music video
entitled Let’s Take the Leap.
To serve full-time,
That’s been our goal.
It opens up
More ways to serve whole-souled.
So if not now
And if not here,
This chance might slip away
And disappear.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back, not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
Jehovah knows;
Jehovah sees.
Before we ask,
He knows the needs of each.
Though it might seem
Beyond our reach,
Let’s put our trust in him
And take the leap.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back, not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
So let’s go through
This open door.
Things left behind
Will be replaced and more,
Not only now
But all that God has in store—
The life to come
Forevermore.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back and not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back and not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
Let’s take the leap.
Expanding our ministry
in whatever form
can bring us great joy
as servants of Jehovah.
Even if your circumstances today
do not allow you
to enter the full-time service,
there is plenty to do.
Our brothers and sisters in Brazil
experienced an opportunity
to make special efforts
in their preaching work
when the Olympic
and Paralympic Games were held there
in August and September of 2016.
Close to 15,000 athletes
from approximately 205 countries
were present along with many visitors.
More than one million tourists
were present at the Olympic Games
in Rio de Janeiro,
and among them
were around 410,000 foreigners.
In an effort to teach
these ones about the Bible,
Jehovah’s Witnesses engaged
in a special public witnessing campaign.
To reach as many people as possible,
we set up 268 carts,
not only where the games were held
but also throughout the city
of Rio de Janeiro.
That way, we were able to reach people
from even faraway islands like Vanuatu,
which is one of the islands of the Pacific.
Delegates from that island picked up
publications from our witnessing carts.
We made efforts to put the stands and carts
as close as possible to the places
where the brothers would work.
Thanks to Jehovah, we were able
to get a strategic location near the entrance
to the arenas,
which we didn’t think would be possible.
We planned to have 1,500 volunteers,
but we got 4,000 volunteers.
We asked for help from other cities,
other states, and also
from foreign-language congregations.
So for us,
this was beyond our expectations.
During the Olympics,
more than one million people
passed through the harbor here.
And thanks to Jehovah,
we were able to set up
more than 40 carts
in the immediate harbor area
and placed almost
20,000 pieces of literature.
To refill the carts, we used a quadricycle
that picked up the publications
at the support hub
and took them to the brothers
at the carts.
The media provided extensive coverage
with more than 26,000
press professionals involved,
and security was also reinforced
with more than 22,000 military personnel.
The work of our brothers
certainly did not go unnoticed.
We were at the cart
when suddenly a police car
full of officers stopped in front of us.
I was worried they were going
to ask us questions or make us leave.
But then they got out of the car
and came towards us.
And one of them
picked up the Bible Teach book,
and without saying anything to us,
he told the others:
“Didn’t I tell you
I was going to find them here?
“You can take these publications;
they’re free.
These books will teach you
amazing things!”
This campaign helped
to overcome prejudices,
both with the authorities
and people in general,
because they were able to see
the international scope of our work.
And this became especially clear
when it came to the officials
because they allowed
the brothers to put the carts
as close as possible to the arenas
where the games were being held.
In all, more than 85,000 publications
in more than ten languages
were distributed by means of the 268 carts
scattered throughout the city.
Over a year of planning
went into preparing for this event,
and it produced excellent results.
Our international preaching work
was made known
to thousands present at the Olympic Games,
and most important,
it gave a great shout of praise
to our God, Jehovah.
We wanted to share a portrayal of life
as a Witness back in the early 1900’s.
This unique dramatization
about the endurance needed
as a Kingdom proclaimer
was previously shown to delegates
at some international conventions
held in one city in 2014.
This is a gift video that we received.
The title is
Knock! Knock!
Where are the dead?
Would you wish that question
answered according to man’s theory
or to have the answer
as pointed out in the Bible?
You will say that man’s answer
would be only a guess.
And yet there is no truth
more clearly taught in the Bible
than that of the resurrection of the dead.
If the dead are to live again,
then they must be resurrected,
and God has provided
that there shall be a resurrection.
The resurrection of Jesus Christ
is a guarantee
that all who have died
must be awakened out of death
and given a knowledge of the truth.
All mankind were born in sin,
and the death of the perfect man Jesus
provided the purchase price
for the right of man to live again,
and in due time Jesus
will awaken them out of death.
All of the dead in God’s due time
shall be awakened out of death.
“And God shall wipe away
all tears from their eyes;
“and there shall be no more death,
“neither sorrow, nor crying,
neither shall there be any more pain:
for the former things are passed away.”
The resurrection
will bring boundless joy to those
who obey God under Christ’s Kingdom.
The obedient ones on earth
during the reign of Christ
will be given everlasting life on the earth
in complete happiness and joy.
Jehovah’s way is always right and true.
Learn that way and live.
The word “resurrection”
means “a standing up again” to life.
If, as claimed by the clergy,
the dead are alive in purgatory
or some other place,
then it follows
that there could be no resurrection;
and yet there is no truth more clearly taught
in the Bible than that of the . . .
The brother was blessed
for his perseverance in the ministry.
His attitude showed
that he felt the urgency of the message.
As God’s people,
we do not procrastinate.
Instead, we are prompt;
we are punctual!
Yes, being punctual is a godly quality.
We would like to conclude
the broadcast with greetings
from Uganda
—specifically the town of Fort Portal,
in western Uganda.
The 120 publishers there preach
to almost 60,000 people
who live in Fort Portal.
They conduct
approximately 300 Bible studies.
There are two congregations
—one English and one Rutoro—
and also two rural groups
some 60 kilometers,
or approximately 37 miles, away.
Brothers are taking turns
visiting the two groups
and supporting them
in the field ministry.
In the past,
the main challenge
was the lack of literature
in the Rutoro language.
However,
thanks to increased translation efforts,
the number of publishers
has increased dramatically.
As a result, a Rutoro congregation
was formed in 2014.
Next, a remote translation office
was established in 2015.
And as of February of this year,
the publishers receive the study edition
of The Watchtower in Rutoro.
We love our brothers and sisters
in Fort Portal very much.
And they send their love
to all of God’s people worldwide.
This is JW Broadcasting
from the world headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.